-: Welcome back.
So in this lecture we are going to discuss
about the references section exclusively, mainly related
to EBS CSI driver.
So I have provided all the links for you
for your additional understanding and then more
about the features available there and all those things.
So this is the core link about our EBS CSI driver.
So we can go in there and this is the dynamic provisioning
whatever we have implemented and more examples
are provided here for additional stuff here.
So let's go here.
Okay, so this is the EBS CSI driver.
And if you see the current version it is running is V 0 5 0.
And whenever you are testing it might be even 1.0
or whatever, right?
But whatever it may be the case.
So the core thing here we need to understand is here, okay?
So whatever the features it provides, static provisioning
dynamic provisioning, mount option, NVME, block volume
volume snapshot, and then volume resizing
and important things when we are seeing the feature
says all fasted, Okay?
So volume resizing and volume snapshot are in alpha State
and they are sometimes working, sometimes not working.
They are in stable as on today.
So that's the reason I didn't include these things.
Okay, so block volume is in beta stage and the dynamic
provisioning, these are also in beta
stage, but the thing is they're ready for production.
That's what AWS says.
So we can use these things happily
but the core thing is whatever you see, Alfa stages
you crosscheck before you are using for your things means
like when you want to use resizing, you need to
say allow expansion through in our, in your storage class.
Okay? I didn't define that here.
Allow expansion through.
You need to define an additional tag here, okay?
So, but as it is in all frustrated
it is not good to add that and then demonstrate it, okay?
So it might change the why, because once it comes to beta
the changes will be minimal, but if it is in alpha
the tag might change or whatever it is.
Okay?
-: So that's about it.
Don't worry about installation steps
whatever here, here provided.
So you need to allow, you follow the steps
whatever I have provided here
which is straight and then easy.
And now next thing here is
one more thing is this is the one examples
for EBS CSI driver.
So we have implemented dynamic provisioning
with our Myer skill and we have
for block volume and then for resizing.
So if you see the resizing allow, I told you right?
Allow volume expansion rules.
So like this, you can provide all these things
but you whatever you want to provide.
and then based on your requirement
what you want to use accordingly
you can refer these examples means like you can go
inside these examples and then go inside the spec
and then find the example dot AML or whatever
and then find the options related to your storage class
and then persistent volume accordingly, and then leverage
and then use it whenever you're doing
in your real time environments based
on the requirement, whatever you have.
Okay? So that's about the references section here.
Okay? So dynamic provision
direct link I have provided and resizing snapshots
everything you can see here, all the examples here.
Okay? So in our next lecture we'll focus
on creating the user management microservice
which is connecting
to the Myer scale database we have created.
We'll create some users and then reference them
in the database and list those users and everything.
And then again, we'll clean up everything.
So that's about it.
So I'll see you in the next lecture.
Until then, bye bye.
Thank you.